1	This article is a non-systematic review of literature of recent articles addressing this theme.
2	A broader understanding of the peculiarities of coronary syndrome in women improves their management and reduces the inequality of prognosis for women.
3	Particularities of coronary syndrome in women
4	Digital pressure measurement is needed to confirm the diagnosis.
5	Digital ischemia is suspected in presence of a cold, pale or cyanotic and painful finger.
6	From the Bible to contemporary language, through Greek mythology, theater, literature or spoken language, a multitude of expressions and proverbs present the eye, what it sees and what it symbolizes.
7	Further investigation of the characteristics and biological function of Eimeria tenella apical membrane antigen 1
8	Previous studies have shown that Eimeria tenella AMA1 (EtAMA1) is critical for sporozoite invasion of host cells.
9	Here, we show that EtAMA1 is a microneme protein secreted by sporozoites, confirming previous results.
10	Individual and combined treatment with antibodies of EtAMA1 and its interacting proteins, E. tenella rhoptry neck protein 2 (EtRON2) and Eimeria-specific protein (EtESP), elicited significant anti-invasion effects on the parasite in a concentration-dependent manner.
11	The overexpression of EtAMA1 in DF-1 cells showed a significant increase of sporozoite invasion.
12	Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) coupled with LC-MS/MS were used to screen differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) in DF-1 cells transiently transfected with EtAMA1.
13	In total, 3953 distinct nonredundant proteins were identiﬁed and 163 of these were found to be differentially expressed, including 91 upregulated proteins and 72 downregulated proteins.
14	The DEPs were mainly localized within the cytoplasm and were involved in protein binding and poly(A)-RNA binding.
15	KEEG analyses suggested that the key pathways that the DEPs belonged to included melanogenesis, spliceosomes, tight junctions, and the FoxO and MAPK signaling pathways.
16	Nanoemulsions containing plant oils: How do they influence hair treatment?
17	Cosmetic and dermatological products, mainly the hair treatments, are projected to have remarkable growing in coming years.
18	Concurrently, plant-derived cosmetics have become more popular over the years to consumers who prefer a safer, natural and sustainable approach.
19	In this work, different plant oil-loaded nanoemulsions were prepared to investigate the influence of their particle size, zeta potential and composition on hair treatment efficacy.
20	An Application of the List Experiment to Estimate Abortion Prevalence in Karachi, Pakistan
21	The List Experiment-a technique for measuring sensitive health behaviors indirectly-may minimize respondents' underreporting of abortion due to stigma or legal restrictions, but has not been previously applied to estimate abortion prevalence in Pakistan.
22	Participants completed a survey that included a double list experiment to measure lifetime abortion prevalence, as well as direct questions about abortion and other background characteristics.
23	Data were used to calculate direct and indirect estimates of abortion prevalence for the overall sample and by sociodemographic characteristics, as well as to test for a design effect.
24	Regression analyses were conducted to examine associations between characteristics and abortion reporting from direct questioning and the list experiment.
25	The estimate of abortion prevalence from the list experiment was 16%; the estimate from the direct question was 8%.
26	No evidence of a design effect was found.
27	Abortion reporting was associated with most selected characteristics in the regression model for direct questioning, but with few in the list experiment models.
28	That the estimate of abortion prevalence in Karachi generated from the list experiment was twice that generated from direct questioning suggests that the indirect method reduced underreporting, and may have utility to estimate abortion in similar settings and to improve the accuracy of data collecting for other sensitive health topics.
29	AID is characterized by low serum ferritin and transferrin saturation (TS).
30	FID is characterized by elevated serum ferritin, normal or low TS, and normal sTfR levels.
31	There are two types of ID : 1) absolute ID (AID), in case of decrease in iron reserves and circulating iron, or 2) functional ID (FID), in case of decrease in circulating iron, while reserves are preserved or increased.
32	This retrospective study included 97 patients : 51 with nail, 46 with plate.
33	Absolute and relative Constant-Murley scores and Simple Shoulder Test (SST) were used to assess postoperative function.
34	Time of fracture union and complications were recorded.
35	Two fragment fractures were preferentially treated by nails and 4 fragment fractures by plates.
36	There is no difference for union except advantage for nails in 2 fragment fractures.
37	The functional outcome is similar, relative Constant-Murley score is 72,7 ± 0,3 %, SST 6,7 ± 3,9 after nailing and relative Constant-Murley score is 65,4 ± 0,3 %, SST 6,0 ± 3,6 after plating.
38	Number of complications is similar after plating (67,4 %) and nailing (62,7 %).
39	Prevention of nephrolithiasis - Preliminary results of the Swiss Kidney Stone Cohort (SKSC) and the NOSTONE trial
40	Nephrolithiasis is a major health care problem with increasing incidence and prevalence worldwide.
41	Prevention consists mainly of conservative therapeutic measures, including dietary measures and drug treatments.
42	This article attempts to fill part of the research void created by the premature cancellation of the Ontario Basic Income Pilot (OBIP), reporting the results of former Ontario Works and Ontario Disability Support Program service users who received basic income in the Hamilton region through a comparison of their experiences related to physical and mental health, food and housing security, financial security, and social and family relations.
43	In the setting of non-complicated infections in out-patient medicine, open dialogue with the patient, recognizing the importance of fever and reducing antipyretic use are general measures that can help reduce patients' concerns, and increase their trust in a well-functioning immune system and a treatment approach without antibiotics.
44	The simplified trachoma grading system, amended
45	A simplified grading system for trachoma was published by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1987.
46	Intended for use by non-specialist personnel working at community level, the system includes five signs, each of which can be present or absent in any eye: (i) trachomatous trichiasis; (ii) corneal opacity; (iii) trachomatous inflammation-follicular; (iv) trachomatous inflammation-intense; and (v) trachomatous scarring.
47	Though neither perfectly sensitive nor perfectly specific for trachoma, these signs have been essential tools for identifying populations that need interventions to eliminate trachoma as a public health problem.
48	In 2018, at WHO's 4th global scientific meeting on trachoma, the definition of one of the signs, trachomatous trichiasis, was amended to exclude trichiasis that affects only the lower eyelid.
49	This paper presents the amended system, updates its presentation, offers notes on its use and identifies areas of ongoing debate.
50	No Surrender. No Challenge. No Protest Paradigm: A Content Analysis of the Canadian News Media Coverage of the "Yellow Vest Movement" and the "United We Roll Convoy"
51	This study's exhaustive content analysis (N = 538) examines how Canada's mainstream news media covered the nascent yellow vest movement from the first Canadian protests in December 2018 culminating in the February 2019 cross-country United We Roll convoy.
52	We demonstrate that Protest Paradigm scholarship does not offer a useful analytic for understanding the coverage of this right-wing social movement whose tactics were banal and law abiding.
53	Furthermore, we argue that Canadian news media coverage of the protest movement was largely uncritical and decidedly hegemonic, raising questions about normative watchdog conceptions of the news media in Canadian democracy.
54	Members of underserved groups and people who experience poverty are particularly vulnerable to financial strain and its negative health impacts.
55	In this commentary, we discuss the concept of financial strain and its health consequences and highlight how existing research in the area is falling short and why.
56	This commentary is a call to action for public health researchers and practitioners in Canada to take a more prominent role in shaping the agenda on financial strain to support financial well-being for all.
57	Percutaneous nephrolithotomy is the intervention of choice for intrarenal stones of > 2 cm.
58	As such, it is an essential treatment modality in the armamentarium of endourological centers.
59	Regional differences in access to the outdoors and outdoor play of Canadian children and youth during the COVID-19 outbreak
60	As policies on access to the outdoors during the COVID-19 outbreak vary by province, it is possible that policy differences have led to regional differences in changes in outdoor play among children and youth.
61	In this commentary, we examine regional differences in outdoor play among children and youth across Canada, and the association between provincial policies related to COVID-19 and outdoor play.
62	Visual prostheses aim at restoring useful vision to patients who have become blind.
63	This useful vision should enable them to regain autonomy in society for navigation, face recognition or reading.
64	Other innovating strategies have obtained proofs of concepts in rodents but require a further validation in large animals prior to their evaluation on patients.
65	Optogenetic therapy, an alternative strategy, has now reached the stage of clinical trials at the retinal level while moving forward at the cortical level.
66	Various prostheses, in particular cortical prostheses, are currently in clinical trials for optic neuropathies (glaucoma).
67	Risk factors associated with worse outcomes in COVID-19: a retrospective study in Saudi Arabia
68	The rapid emergence of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has resulted in millions of infected patients and hundreds of thousands of deaths worldwide.
69	Health care services delivery is being compromised due to the surge in the number of infected patients during this pandemic.
70	This study aimed to assess the risk factors associated with poor prognosis among COVID-19 patients in Saudi Arabia.
71	This was a multi-centre retrospective cohort study that included all laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 cases with definitive outcomes in Saudi Arabia during March 2020.
72	Demographic, clinical history, comorbidity and outcomes data were retrieved from the National Health Electronic Surveillance Network (HESN) database.
73	We used logistic regression models to calculate crude and adjusted odds ratios (OR) to explore risk factors for critical outcomes (intensive care unit admission or death) among COVID-19 cases.
74	We included 648 COVID-19-positive patients with a median age of 34 years.
75	Of these, 11.9% were in the critical group.
76	Risk factors associated with worse outcomes included males (OR=1.92), age >60 years (OR=3.65), cardiac diseases (OR=3.05), chronic respiratory diseases (OR=2.29), and cases with two or more comorbidities (OR=2.57) after adjusting for age and sex; all had significant P-values <0.05. Independent risk factors for critical outcomes among COVID-19 cases include old age, males, cardiac patients, chronic respiratory diseases, and the presence of two or more comorbidities.
77	We recommend designing a unique multi-item scale system to prognosticate COVID-19 patients.
78	Evidence shows that laws that restrict abortion do not eliminate its practice, but instead result in women having clandestine abortions, which are likely to be unsafe.
79	The criteria for legal abortion as of 2019 for 199 countries and territories were used to distribute them along a continuum of six mutually exclusive categories, from prohibited to permitted without restriction as to reason.
80	The three most common additional legal grounds that fall outside of this continuum-rape, incest and fetal anomaly-were also quantified.
81	Patterns by region and per capita gross national income were examined.
82	Changes resulting from law reform and judicial decisions since 2008 were assessed, as were changes in policies and guidelines that affect access.
83	Legality correlated positively with income: The proportions of countries in the two most-liberal categories rose uniformly with gross national income.
84	From 2008 to 2019,27 countries expanded the number of legal grounds for abortion; of those, 21 advanced to another legality category, and six added at least one of the most common additional legal grounds.
85	Reform resulted from a range of strategies, generally involving multiple stakeholders and calls for compliance with international human rights norms.
86	Robotic technique slowly started 15 years ago but its benefit remains questionable.
87	We present the results of around thirty patients who underwent robotic cystectomy (RC) between 2016 and 2019 and were compared to an open cystectomy (OC) group.
88	Moreover, blood loss and the hospital length of stay are inferior for RC patients.
89	These results participate to the actual trend towards putative further validation of RC.
90	A model to predict SARS-CoV-2 infection based on the first three-month surveillance data in Brazil
91	COVID-19 diagnosis is a critical problem, mainly due to the lack or delay in the test results.
92	We analysed suspected patients reported to the National Surveillance System that corresponded to the following case definition: patients with respiratory symptoms and fever, who travelled to regions with local or community transmission or who had close contact with a suspected or confirmed case.
93	Based on variables routinely collected, we obtained a multiple model using logistic regression.
94	With a data subset including 80% of patients from Sao Paulo (SP) and Rio Janeiro (RJ), we obtained a function which reached an AUC of 95.54% (95% CI: 94.41-96.67%) for the diagnosis of COVID-19 and accuracy of 90.1% (sensitivity 87.62% and specificity 92.02%).
95	In a validation dataset including the other 20% of patients from SP and RJ, this model exhibited an AUC of 95.01% (92.51-97.5%) and accuracy of 89.47% (sensitivity 87.32% and specificity 91.36%).
96	We obtained a model suitable for the clinical diagnosis of COVID-19 based on routinely collected surveillance data.
97	Applications of this tool include early identification for specific treatment and isolation, rational use of laboratory tests, and input for modelling epidemiological trends.
98	To date, sclerotherapy is considered the gold standard for the treatment of VMs.
99	This technique, which aims to destroy the endothelium and thus cause fibrosis and retraction of the vascular lesion, is less effective in voluminous VMs.
100	Endovenous thermal ablation is a widely validated treatment in the management of venous insufficiency, showing better efficacy than sclerotherapy in terms of trans-parietal vessel destruction.
