1	Many strong and influential family relationships are preferentially maintained by adults over other types of relationships. Adults also tend to become more focused on intimacy as they get older.
2	This article conducted systematic research on literature related to family and adult health. The 72 selected articles were subsequently sorted by topic to classify the main themes in this field.
3	The research findings benefit family members who are underrepresented in adult health studies, as opposed to strictly romantic partners.
4	The presence of risk genes in signaling pathways may explain the synergistic neurobiological role that risk genes play in alcohol dependence.
5	Identification of risk genes and risk gene pathways involved in alcohol dependence.
6	Nearly 1 million genetic markers were identified in an exploratory sample of 1,409 European-American (EA) alcoholics and 1,518 EA healthy control samples.
7	In addition, samples from 681 African-American (AA) subjects and 508 healthy AA subjects were retested.
8	We identified several reproducible genome-wide risk genes and risk pathways that showed significant associations with alcohol dependence.
9	After multiple comparisons of the Conferring Correction for the &quot;cell-extracellular matrix interaction&quot; pathway (some genes and biological signaling processes in EA samples may be associated with the risk of alcohol dependence), the study results provided new evidence.
10	Li-Fraumeni Syndrome is a genetic disorder. Patients with this disorder have a 90 percent chance of developing cancer in a lifetime, and affected individuals must undergo comprehensive cancer screening throughout life.
11	This paper examines the role of healthcare in managing the risk and treatment of Li-Fraumeni Syndrome borne by parents, adolescents, and adult children.
12	23 families participated in the study, which collected responses from semi-structured interviews.
13	Using a grassroots theoretical approach, we conducted an open and centralized analysis of interview transcripts.
14	Family members described how the role of a health leader is fulfilled within the family, as well as other factors like the maturity of the child and the death of a family member which may affect who assumes what role, and the change in roles over time.
15	They often express a collective shared responsibility to help relatives understand LFS and implement appropriate cancer risk management.
16	Family members realize healthy results by accompanying each other to medical care to provide support and gather information.
17	Using health care provider perspectives, our findings provide insights on how LFS patients and their relatives make special medical decisions and play caregiver roles, how these roles are heavily influenced by the hereditary properties of LFS, and how these roles will change over time.
18	Providers who can adapt to the changing dynamics of family roles are better able to meet the psychosocial and medical needs of family members, primarily by trying to understand the functionality of the family system affected by LFS and by facilitating support among family members.
19	In Uganda, one out of every five children are reported to experience some sort of mental health issues, including Disruptive Behavior Disorders (DBDs).
20	Effective interventions for childhood DBDs have been developed and tested in impoverished communities in developed countries.
21	Childhood DBDs can persist into adulthood, leading to many negative consequences.
22	In Uganda, one out of every five children are reported to experience some sort of mental health issues, including Disruptive Behavior Disorders (DBDs).
23	The research process involved the following steps: An initial gathering of principals and teachers was held to present the content of the study and the main concepts of the intervention. The Uganda team was organized to comprehensively learn the 4Rs and 2Ss related content at the initial stage. Community stakeholders were invited to actively participate and provide additional feedback on both the content and the cultural appropriateness of the interventions. The final revision of the instruction manual was produced. Children&#39;s drawings were then collected for use in editing manuals.
24	The findings also underscore the importance of involving community stakeholders in the intervention modification or adaptation process.
25	The results of this study highlight the impact of parent SOC on emotional regulation abilities of children aged 5 through 12.
26	Participants of the study included 256 parents of 5- to 12-year-old children (child M age = 8.36, SD = 2.03, 54.7% male; parent M age = 34.49, SD = 6.20, 59% female).
27	Participants were asked to complete two online questionnaires twelve months apart. Data on demographic information, parenting behavior, and children&#39;s emotional regulation ability was collected from their responses.
28	The transition to parenthood is one of the most stressful adjustment periods new parents face, whether in regard to their own individual relationship or in regard to their relationships with others.
29	The Binary Adjustment Scale and the Stryker Adjustment Inventory Scale were used to assess the marital relationship and the conflictual relationship with the other&#39;s parents.
30	At the same time, multi-cluster analysis showed that in the group of subjects who lived with their parents during pregnancy, conflict with the other&#39;s parents caused marital problems; in the group of subjects who did not live with their parents, relationship conflicts with the other&#39;s father may exacerbate marriage problems during late pregnancy through the postpartum period.
31	The purpose of the study was to explore (1) the bidirectional relationship between a husband and wife&#39;s marital relationship and conflict with each other&#39;s parents during the long-term transition to parenthood, and (2) the influence of living with a father on the adjustment of the above-mentioned relationships.
32	The study concluded that men&#39;s adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and trauma symptoms are associated with intimate partner violence (IPV) criminal behaviors and maltreatment. However, several important aspects that act as barriers to the implementation of interventions targeting violence have not been thoroughly studied.
33	Specifically, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) predominates among trauma symptoms studied in the field, limiting researchers&#39; understanding of other manifestations of trauma, especially in men.
34	Furthermore, the emphasis of most research is on the male physical aspects of IPV crime. Rarely does research focus on other types of IPV behavior, the severity of the violence, or male persecution.
35	In addition, few studies focus on possible protective factors based on the ACE framework, such as behavior awareness in clinical populations.
36	Finally, research on IPV has yet to adequately focus on people of color, despite the fact that certain racial/ethnic minority groups have higher exposure rates to IPV.
37	For these reasons, this study investigates the correlation between IPV frequency and severity (psychological, physical, injury), ACES, PTSD, trauma symptomatology (distinguished from PTSD), and conscious self-efficacy.
38	The sample consisted of 67 men of color, most of whom were low-income and simultaneously participating in a wife-abuse intervention program.
39	Over half of the sample (51.5%) reported having experienced four or more ACEs, and 31.1% of those studied met the diagnostic criteria for suspected PTSD patients.
40	Higher ACE scores were predictive of almost all types of self-reported higher IPV crime rates as well as higher victimization rates.
41	Conscious self-efficacy was associated with a decrease in the occurrence of criminal behavior and victimization experiences, as well as a decrease in the frequency and severity of self-reported psychological IPV.
42	In 9 out of 22 studies, the length of asylum process and the length of stay were the most commonly-cited factors of poor mental health.
43	Familial difficulties were also found to be related to length of stay and legal status. Other post-immigration variables of residency and length of stay were also found to have a significant impact on mental health.
44	Conversely, legal status and other post-immigration factors have more complex effects.
45	It focuses on the impact of post-immigration stressors (including the length of the asylum process, length of stay, residence status, and social assimilation) on the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, and depression.
46	It has been found to be an indication of other post-migration challenges, including loneliness, discrimination, and language or communication problems.
47	To investigate the role of STAT3 in apoptosis and immunologic evasion of drug-resistant leukemic cells, and to explore the possible mechanisms of leukemic recurrence caused by leukemic minimal residual disease.
48	RQ-PCR and/or Western blot were performed to detect the expression of STAT3, BAX, and NKG2D ligands in control cell lines K562/- cells, while K562/STAT3 cells were transfected with empty plasmids.
49	The level of apoptosis in K562/- cells and K562/STAT3 cells and the frequency of cell death due to the effects of NK cells on K562/- cells and K562/STAT3 cells were determined via flow cytometry.
50	Compared with K562/-cells, the expression level of BAX mRNA of the pro-apoptotic gene in K562/STAT3 cells decreased significantly (P=0.005), and the apoptosis caused by doxorubicin was significantly reduced (P=0.002). After treatment of K562/STAT3 cells with STAT3 inhibitor (SH-4-54), the expression level of pro-apoptotic gene BAX mRNA increased significantly (P=0.017), and apoptosis also increased significantly (P=0.005).
51	The expression levels of NKG2D ligands (MICA and ULBP1) mRNA were significantly decreased in K562/STAT3 cells compared to K562/- cells (P&lt;0.0001). The expression levels of MICA and ULBP1 protein were also decreased in K562/STAT3 cells (MICA: P=0.001, ULBP1: P=0.022). Treatment of K562/STAT3 cells with STAT3 inhibitor SH-4-54 resulted in increased levels of MICA mRNA and protein expression (mRNA: P=0.001, protein: P=0.002), but no significant changes in ULBP1 mRNA and protein (mRNA: P=0.137, protein: P=0.1905).
52	NK cells had a decreased killing capacity compared to K562/- cells for drug-resistant K562/STAT3 cells (P = 0.002), but STAT3 inhibitors restored K562/STAT3 cells&#39; killing sensitivity to NK cells (P = 0.006). STAT3 phosphorylation mediates anti-apoptosis in drug-resistant leukemia cells and reduces their susceptibility to killing NK cells.
53	The levels of total STAT3 and STAT3 phosphorylation in K562/STAT3 cells were significantly increased, as was the expression of the drug-resistant protein P-gp mRNA (P&lt;0.005).
54	The concentration of pollutants and microbes in the air directly affects human health.
55	Therefore, developing a quantitative index for effective air filtration and using this index to track air quality in specific areas in real time is important to help solve the urgent problem of guiding residents to choose healthier outdoor activity sites.
56	On this basis, with the help of real-time meteorological data, the wind field simulation and air quality evaluation of the urban square space are each performed over different time intervals.
57	The results show that the critical wind speed value for the effective aerial pollutant diffusion at pedestrian height (1.5 m) is 1.0 m·s
58	Abstract: For years, corneal keratopigmentation (KTP) has been used to treat patients with corneal clouding.
59	Because of recent updates and improvements as well as a low reported incidence of complications, the KTP surgical technique is often recommended for patients with therapeutic or functional indications.
60	We designed a protocol for a systematic literature review of MEDLINE, Ovid, and Embase OVID, and reviewed literature published from August 1, 2019 to 2000 and onwards.
61	Although it may not always be evidence-based, professional refinement is still being promoted in the region.
62	Achieving positive learning outcomes may require additional courses, more time, increased numbers of teachers, additional support, and proper assessments.
63	Risk factors of developing herpes zoster in patients with multiple myeloma (MM) during bortezomib chemotherapy were investigated and analyzed.
64	Clinical data from 85 MM patients receiving bortezomib-based chemotherapy treatments at Gansu Provincial People&#39;s Hospital from January 2015 to January 2019 were collected and divided into case and control groups based on the presence of herpes zoster.
65	Clinical characteristics, treatment/regression, and risk factors for development of herpes zoster were analyzed retrospectively.
66	Univariate analysis showed that an age ≥65 years, pre-treatment lymphopenia, pre-treatment neutropenia, ECOG scores ≥2, use of cyclophosphamide, and no preventive antiviral treatments were all associated with the development of herpes zoster (P&lt;0.05).
67	The incidence of herpes zoster in MM patients is high; as such, treatment of lymphocytopenia, administration of cyclophosphamide, and lack of preventive antiviral treatment are important risk factors for herpes zoster to which clinicians must pay close attention.
68	The neonatal hepatitis B vaccine has greatly reduced the positive rate of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) in the Chinese population. Antiviral therapy based on interferon and/or nucleoside (acid) analogs can effectively inhibit HBV replication, improve liver inflammation and necrosis and liver fibrosis, thereby reducing the occurrence of liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma.
69	In recent years, direct-acting antivirals targeting the HBV life cycle as well as immunomodulatory drugs targeting the body&#39;s antiviral response have entered an active period of research and development.
70	Well-designed, well-executed, and properly analyzed/interpreted clinical trials are the keys to successfully developing a new clinical cure for hepatitis B.
71	The discovery of the hepatitis B virus (HBV) provides the scientific basis for the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of chronic hepatitis B (CHB).
72	Summarize research progress on classification, diagnosis, and clinical treatment plans for Achilles tendinopathy.
73	In Uganda, one out of every five children are reported to experience some sort of mental health issues, including Disruptive Behavior Disorders (DBDs).
74	As part of a randomized study, this paper examined adolescents in 30 schools in Uganda who exhibited behavioral problems, as well as their respective caregivers.
75	The findings also underscore the importance of involving community stakeholders in the intervention modification or adaptation process.
76	A systematic approach to family and health research should capture the complex network in which family members are intertwined, including multiple family relationships as well as larger health care systems.
77	Many strong and influential family relationships are preferentially maintained by adults over other types of relationships. Adults also tend to become more focused on intimacy as they get older.
78	However, studies on family and health often focus on adult family members and only pay close attention to intimate relationships, namely marital ones.
79	Pyroptosis is a cysteine ​​aspartate protease-dependent programmed death pathway (Caspase-1/4/5/11), mainly characterized by the activation of inflammatory cascades, perforation and rupture of cell membranes, and subsequent release of cell contents.
80	Pyroptosis is a newly discovered type of cell death that is involved in a variety of respiratory diseases, including pulmonary fibrosis, acute lung injury/respiratory distress syndrome, bronchial dysplasia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and asthma.
81	The kidneys are also one of the major organs attacked by the virus as it directly damages the renal tubules through angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), starting a cytokine storm that can lead to kidney injury and increase fatality risk.
82	Early detection of renal injury risk factors in patients with COVID-19, detection of renal injury indicators, and timely supportive treatment and/or renal replacement therapy for renal injuries may reduce mortality.
83	Vesselplasty and percutaneous kyphoplasty (PKP) were compared to evaluate their relative clinical efficacies for treating Kümmell&#39;s disease.
84	There were no statistically significant differences between the two groups in terms of gender, age, disease duration, BMD T-value, fracture segment features, and general information that included preoperative pain visual analog score (VAS), Oswestry dysfunction index (ODI), height of the anterior border of the injured vertebra, and posterior convexity Cobb angle. Followups with patients in both groups were performed at anywhere between 12 and 36 months post-operation, with a mean of 24.2 months.
85	Vesselplasty and percutaneous kyphoplasty (PKP) were compared to evaluate their relative clinical efficacies for treating Kümmell&#39;s disease.
86	However, the former method has the advantages of shorter operation times, shorter intraoperative fluoroscopy times, and less bone cement leakage.
87	To analyze the efficacy of rituximab in combination with CHOP/EPOCH regimen in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), and to explore the risk factors for relapse in patients with refractory disease. Clinical data from 72 patients admitted to the Department of Hematology of Zhongda Hospital of Southeast University and newly-treated with DLBCL from December 2012 to December 2018 were retrospectively analyzed to determine response rates of DLBCL patients treated with rituximab in combination with CHOP/EPOCH chemotherapy.
88	Univariate analysis showed high rates of remission for B symptoms, low Hb levels, high NLR, and low LMR using high beta Rituximab in combination with CHOP/EPOCH regimen for DLBCL. However, there was still refractory relapse in about 1/3 of patients.
89	Nine and a half years after the Wenchuan earthquake, self-reported questionnaire responses from 872 Chinese adolescents were collected and assessed.
90	The results showed that parental attachment behaviors were directly associated with PTG outcomes based on the following associations: two significant one-step indirect associations (through just beliefs and cognitive reappraisal), two significant two-step indirect associations (through just beliefs to security and through cognitive reappraisal to just beliefs), and one significant three-step indirect association (through security to just beliefs to cognitive reappraisal).
91	The results suggest that feelings of security, belief in justice, and cognitive reappraisal can mediate the effect of parental attachment behaviors on adolescent PTG.
92	These findings highlight the importance of a family perspective, and indicate that clinical psychologists can promote PTG in adolescents by helping them build positive and secure attachments to their parents.
93	With the development of industry, musculoskeletal diseases have become increasingly prominent. Lower back pain is a major complaint, such that both the United States and Germany have included it in the category of occupational diseases.
94	Therefore, it is important to evaluate the load level of workers and identify the occupational factors that affect lower back pain.
95	This article reviews existing literature on load evaluation methods with respect to lower back pain and provides a reference for the implementation of lower back pain prevention strategies via occupational factors.
96	The degree to which a person&#39;s social network recognizes a relationship may predict the outcome of the relationship.
97	Research also suggests that attachment behaviors can mitigate the negative effects of various adverse conditions (such as depression) on interpersonal relationships.
98	This study analyzed data from a sample of 858 married couples. The actor-partner interdependence model within the structural equation modeling (SEM) framework was used to explore the impact of disapproval of parents and friends on the quality of one&#39;s marital relationship, both for oneself and one&#39;s partner.
99	Research also suggests that attachment behaviors can mitigate the negative effects of various adverse conditions (such as depression) on interpersonal relationships.
100	Attachment behaviors may also moderate the effect of a given partner&#39;s friend&#39;s disapproval on the quality of the relationship, as self-reported by the relevant partners. Moreover, the main effect of disapproval from the partner&#39;s parents and friends did not play a significant role in the test.
