1	Introduction: To combat the COVID-19 pandemic, governments have adopted measures such as quarantine and social distancing.
2	Spain (n = 22); Mexico (n = 22) and Peru (n = 15).
3	Of these, 12 practiced Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ), 54 boxing, 67 judo, 13 karate, 52 kick boxing and Muay Thai (KB and MT), 9 mixed martial arts (MMA) and 27 taekwondo (TKD).
4	Data were collected through interviews, using a structured questionnaire, the Medical Outcome Study 36, the Katz Index of Independence in Activities of Daily Living and the measure of functional independence.
5	250 elderly people participated, with an average age of 71.9 years, male (56.8%), white skin color (67.2%), married (54.0%), low education level (32.0%), low income (58.0%), with comorbidities (81.2%) and home providers (53.6%).
6	The dimensions of quality of life most compromised were physical aspect (11.4%), emotional aspect (21.6%) and functional capacity (25.2%).
7	In terms of functional capacity, independence was characterized for Basic Activities of Daily Living and moderate dependence for Instrumental Activities of Daily Living.
8	A cross-sectional study was carried out with a probability sample of vocational high school students between 13 and 17 years of age in official and private schools.
9	The mean for age was 14.4 years (standard deviation, SD=0.8) and 60.3% corresponded to women.
10	The Malaria Control Program performs below the recommended level, failing to meet the established gold standard, which can mean maintaining or increasing malaria cases.
11	This is an evaluative research, carried out through systematic observation, with the help of a Likert scale form, adopting a numerical score to evaluate the fulfillment of the activities.
12	Treatment is aimed at prevention, early detection, and timely interventions for all coagulation disorders due to COVID-19.
13	In turn, both medical staff and patients are affected by the economic slowdown and the &quot;negativity effect&quot;.
14	This review article analyzed the different tools for pandemic control, their development in a historical context and how they impact risk stratification for vulnerable patients (elderly, patients with chronic degenerative diseases and oncology).
15	In relation to the quality of the data, it was observed that there were no missing dice and five items from the Sleep Disturbance bank and four items from the Wakefulness Disturbance bank had a floor effect, in addition none of the banks presented a ceiling effect.
16	As far as DIF is concerned, both the Sleep Disturbance and Wakefulness Disturbance banks showed to be homogeneous for the different groups tested.
17	With the confirmatory factor analysis, using the absolute and incremental adjustment quality indices, a good adjustment was verified for the two banks, which reveals that the instruments are valid and sufficiently one-dimensional.
18	The justification of the study was to evaluate the degree of knowledge of Spanish pharmacists in the field of Pharmacovigilance, their degree of notification of Adverse Drug Reactions (ADR) and their need for training, establishing the differences between community pharmacy pharmacists (FC) and hospital pharmacy pharmacists (FH).
19	A questionnaire with twelve questions on Pharmacovigilance was designed.
20	In general, the pharmacists surveyed agreed on the importance of Pharmacovigilance, and they were of the opinion that the quality of treatments could be improved and savings would be seen in the Spanish healthcare system if Pharmacovigilance were more widely applied.
21	It is also the FH who are most aware of their obligations with Pharmacovigilance.
22	The pharmacists surveyed think that the development of Pharmacovigilance procedures would increase professionals&#39; adherence to reporting and would bring about improvements in the quality of treatments, the rational use of medications and patient safety.
23	NPI is the most widely applied measure for the evaluation of narcissistic personality traits and is, therefore, of great relevance to many research questions in personality and social psychology.
24	To develop the short scale, we first found the optimal solution of eight items among all the valid combinations of the NPI-15 items in an exploratory subsample
25	The analyzes included calculations of prevalence and estimates of the absolute number of people in the at-risk population.
26	The estimate presented is important to plan monitoring strategies for people with chronic morbidities and prevention in the fight against the new coronavirus.
27	About 80% of the individuals in the sample presented at least some evaluated morbidities, representing about 34 million individuals; Multimorbidity was reported by 52% of the study population, with a greater proportion in the Central, Southeast and South regions.
28	When an outbreak occurs, in the vast majority of cases a diversity of erroneous opinions begins to emerge if there is no epidemiologist, who will know what to do and how to do it.
29	If the outbreak were to get out of control, support staff will be needed.
30	Self-assessment of health status, frailty and basic activities of daily living were used as markers of the health situation.
31	About 80% of the individuals in the sample presented at least some evaluated morbidities, representing about 34 million individuals; Multimorbidity was reported by 52% of the study population, with a greater proportion in the Central, Southeast and South regions.
32	The analyzes included calculations of prevalence and estimates of the absolute number of people in the at-risk population.
33	The number of people aged 50 years and older who have high risk morbidities for severe COVID-19 is high, both in relative and absolute terms.
34	Data collection included comorbidity, demographics, operative time in three phases (reservoir formation, gastrojejunostomy and jejunum and jejunostomy) and postoperative complications.
35	Two patients were excluded due to inability to open the video.
36	The execution time to perform tasks was only significant when performing gastrojejunostomy.
37	The use of a 3D imaging system was associated with a shorter total surgical time, especially for manual gastrojejunostomy, compared to the 2D imaging system.
38	Objectives: To evaluate dietary-nutritional status, body composition, eating behavior and concern about body image among competitive gymnasts.
39	This concern may be related to eating disorders, irregular menstruation, fatigue and insufficient rest.
40	Introduction: Among adolescent gymnasts, there has been some concern about weight, with diets that are insufficient in energy and some nutrients in search of maximum performance.
41	The List Experiment—a technique for indirectly measuring sensitive health behaviors—could minimize the fact that people surveyed underreport the number of abortions due to stigma or legal restrictions; However, this technique has not been previously applied to estimate the prevalence of abortion in Pakistan.
42	Methods: In 2018, a sample of 4,159 married women of reproductive age from two communities of Karachi was recruited.
43	The participants completed a survey that included a double-list experiment to measure the prevalence of abortion, as well as direct questions about abortion and other characteristics of the context.
44	Evidence is emerging that the incidence of colorectal cancer (colorectal cancer, CRC) is increasing in young adults, but the descriptive epidemiology needed to better understand these trends is lacking.
45	The temporal trends in age-specific incidence rates (incidence rates, IR) by sex, anatomical location, the multiple deprivation index (index of multiple deprivation, IMD) quintile and the geographical region were analyzed using a joinpoint regression model.
46	CONCLUSION: CRC should no longer be considered a disease of the elderly: changes in incidence rates should be taken into account in future screening policies, preventive strategies and research projects, as well as to increase the public&#39;s awareness that younger people should be aware of the symptoms of CRC.
47	Within the framework of the health sector&#39;s Global Strategy against viral hepatitis and the Strategic Plan for Addressing Hepatitis C in the National Health System (NHS), the Secretariat of the National AIDS Plan, together with the Screening Programs Unit of the Ministry of Health, have coordinated the state policies around screening for the hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in Spain between 2019 and 2020.
48	This article describes the experience and reflections that have arisen around it.
49	The LR rate was 17% (n = 27/159), 6.7% (n = 39/580), 1.9% (n = 2/103) and 3.4% (n = 254/7550) when the CRM was 0.0 mm, 0.1-1.0 mm, 1.1-1.9 mm and ≥ 2 mm, respectively.
50	A circumferential resection margin (CRM) of ≤1.0 mm after surgery for rectal cancer is believed to increase the risk of local recurrence (LR).
51	Evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of the oral spray cannabinoid nabiximols as an adjunctive therapy for children with spasticity due to cerebral palsy or traumatic central nervous system injury who do not respond to conventional treatment.
52	This paper reviews the history and current state of the approach to peripheral vascular trauma, based on a heroic episode of the Campaign for Mexico City during the North American invasion of 1846-1848: the defense of Chapultepec Castle by cadet Agustín Melgar.
53	Fortunately, the comprehensive understanding of local and systemic pathophysiology, in addition to the development of innovative surgical techniques and technological advances, has improved the survival prognosis and anatomical and functional preservation of the extremities.
54	Peripheral vascular organ trauma is a very frequent condition in military conflicts.
55	New technologies build bridges and shorten distances, since they enable new ways of connecting, caring for each other and reinventing transnational relationships and what constitutes family life, but these bridges cannot eliminate the loss suffered by those who stay behind.
56	We also analyzed the trend of internalization of COVID-19 in the state, considering the percentage distribution of cases that occurred in Recife, municipalities of the Metropolitan Region of Recife and the interior, by sets of three weeks, with constructions of thematic maps.
57	Finally, it is questioned, paraphrasing García Márquez in One Hundred Years of Solitude, whether we are facing &quot;a period of remission or the prelude to an upsurge.&quot;
58	They were divided into four groups according to body mass index (BMI): 80 eutrophic (E), 40 overweight (OW), 40 obesity class I (OI) and 40 obesity class II (OII).
59	Lipid and glycemic profiles were measured and oxidative stress was evaluated through serum concentrations of uric acid, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS).
60	Conclusions: Correlation was observed between retinol and carotene serum concentrations and glycemic, lipid and oxidative stress marker profiles in the groups studied.
61	Introduction: Evidence indicates the role of vitamin A in the regulation of fat mass that influences obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
62	Balancing active behaviors during the day, with increased physical activity, reduced sedentary time and healthy sleep behaviors, can set infants, preschoolers and school-aged children with CP up for a healthy trajectory throughout their lives.
63	The first thirty years of the 19th century for Mexico meant times in favor of independence, of armed conflict and they were also times of strong political instability.
64	The corporate ones suffered personal concerns and collective problems and the peninsular Spaniards had to make decisions against the independence movement.
65	They did not agree during their stay in Mexico, but they did agree on the support of their ideologies and in their contributions to medicine.
66	The reader will find information about their personal and professional lives in Spain before moving to Mexico, during their stay in this country and on their return to their homeland.
67	Measures of central tendency were used to present the data.
68	The annual cost for cold/unused beds was $959,220.00 USD ($14,348,304.00 MXN), with no benefit for patients.
69	Cold/unused beds represented 1.31% of the annual hospital budget in 2015.
70	The cost of the day/bed was obtained from the official report published for the nation. 943 patients were followed during the discharge process.
71	However, little is known about the willingness of the country&#39;s health facilities to provide comprehensive abortion services.
72	Methods: Data from 1,380 health institutions from the Service Delivery Evaluation Inventory Survey (EPS) were used to assess readiness to provide abortion services in four domains: termination of pregnancy, basic treatment of post-abortion complications, comprehensive treatment of post-abortion complications, and post-abortion contraceptive services.
73	The tests used a modified application of the emergency obstetric care signal function approach; The criteria for disposition were based on World Health Organization guidelines.
74	Introduction: in patients with severe and morbid obesity, it has been observed that the evaluation by bioimpedance analysis (BIA) generates an underestimation of the fat mass (FM) and weight lost as FM after bariatric surgery, overestimating the loss of fat-free mass (FFM) and muscle mass.
75	Results: before RYGB, BIA overestimated the ACT by 2.6 ± 4.3 L (p = 0.002) and the FFM by 3.5 ± 5.7 kg (p = 0.002), and underestimated the %FM by 2.98 ± 4.7% (p = 0.002).
76	Analyze the increase in sentinel cases of COVID-19 in Mexico calculated from the effective reproduction number of the infection
77	(R In an analytical cross-sectional design, the total number of COVID-19 cases in Mexico from February 29 to July 24, 2020, was studied and compared with the sentinel cases calculated from the R In Mexico, up to July 24, 2020 , there had been 390,516 cases of COVID-19 and 43,680 deaths from this disease; with the use of the R The sentinel model presents a significant loss of unquantified information.
78	Determine the prevalence of C. trachomatis in Medellín women, determine possible risk factors and evaluate the relationship with human papillomavirus (HPV) infection.
79	Despite its importance, there are not enough epidemiological data on this infection in Medellín.
80	A significant relationship of infection was found with age, cigarette smoking and use of hormonal contraceptives.
81	Previous research indicates that couples facing a chronic disease from a relationship orientation based on &quot;us&quot; have more positive results than couples facing it individually; However, there is little previous research identifying the clinical processes that promote reciprocity or how gender roles are involved.
82	This theory analysis based on 25 videotaped therapy sessions with six heterosexual couples dealing with chronic liver disease used a feminist-informed relational lens to focus on the clinical processes involved in moving from an individual orientation to a relationship orientation.
83	The clinical implications address the complex intersections between gender, care and contextual obstacles to reciprocity.
84	The findings identified three contextual obstacles to achieving an “us-based orientation”: (a) autonomy discourse, (b) disease-related power, and (c) gender-related power.
85	Recently, the FDA has approved two promising drugs based on their results in phase II trials. Erdafitinib, the first molecule inhibitor for patients with FGFR 2/3 alterations, with a RR of 40% and an OS of 13.8 months, and enfortumab-vedotin, a conjugated antibody, with a RR of 44%, 12% complete responses (CR ) and OS of 11.7 months, are now occupying a place in the Anglo-Saxon therapeutic landscape.
86	In recent years, three immunotherapy drugs have been approved in Europe (pembrolizumab, atezolizumab and nivolumab) and five in the USA (pembrolizumab, atezolizumab, nivolumab, durvalumab and avelumab), achieving improvements in terms of overall survival (OS), response rate ( RR) and tolerability profile.
87	The only alternatives were clinical trial inclusion or off-label chemotherapy treatment with limited efficacy and high toxicity.
88	The first thirty years of the 19th century for Mexico meant times in favor of independence, of armed conflict and they were also times of strong political instability.
89	The corporate ones suffered personal concerns and collective problems and the peninsular Spaniards had to make decisions against the independence movement.
90	This is the case of two Spanish doctors: one of them, after demonstrating in his writings being against the insurrection, accepted that the movement was irreversible and the only solution to his position was the voluntary abandonment of Mexico.
91	They did not agree during their stay in Mexico, but they did agree on the support of their ideologies and in their contributions to medicine.
92	The level of activation presented by subjects with ADHD is higher before taking treatment and influences circadian patterns, sleep and quality of life.
93	Parent-adolescent conflict has been studied as a precursor of developmental risks at the macro and long-term levels and as a result of patterns of interaction at each moment and at the micro level.
94	The present study analyzes the reciprocal daily and residual processes in the anger and conflict experiences of parents and adolescents.
95	EDA morbidity decreased 42.1% in the period, however, emergency care increased 50.7% in SS.
96	However, in 2016, a rate of 3.4 per 100,000 people dying from EDA was found, which could be avoided with health promotion.
97	Data from epidemiological surveillance, service delivery and vital statistics were analyzed.
98	Provide an overview of morbidity and mortality due to acute diarrheal disease (ADD) between 2000 and 2016 in Mexico, to understand its magnitude, distribution and evolution.
99	Service utilization and mortality rates were calculated.
100	By deconstructing the regulatory functions of the health system, the framework allowed for a comprehensive mapping of the various attributes of the health system (functions, laws and enforcement agencies).
