1	Hypertension has been associated with worse outcomes in patients with COVID-19 infection, so concerns have been raised about the possibility that inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) could influence the prognosis of these patients.
2	In the last decades, only few improvements have been made in the comprehension of bladder cancer tumor leading to few improvements in the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic approaches.
3	However, in the last years several step forwards in the field of precision medicine have been made.
4	In this review we focused on some of these elements such as the available biomarkers, the role of enhanced transurethral resection of the bladder and the role of the molecular classification in defining prognosis and therapeutic approaches in bladder cancer patients.
5	Although several progresses have been made, at the time none of the existing biomarkers appear to be able to safely avoid the need of cystoscopy during the follow up of bladder cancer patients.
6	However, these biomarkers representan important tool to follow up patients with a less invasive methods and in the near future might be able to substitute the need of cystoscopy.
7	Enhanced transurethral resection technique can in some cases reduce the risk of recurrence during follow up, although its impact on survival outcomes is still under debate.
8	Finally, the molecular classification of the bladder cancer represents one of the most exciting novelty in this field, improving consistently the knowledge of bladder cancer.
9	In the last decades, only few improvements have been made in the comprehension of bladder cancer tumor leading to few improvements in the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic approaches.
10	Improvements regarding prognoses and therapeutics can be achieved although data stil need validation.
11	This is a qualitative approach Participatory Action Research, supported by Paulo Freire's Research Itinerary, developed through Culture Circles, consisting of three stages: thematic investigation, coding and decoding and critical unveiling.
12	The study contributed to strengthening nurses through reflective dialogues on the realities experienced, increasing awareness and enabling interventions to transform their practices in child health care.
13	The Neonatal Screening Program in Catalonia from its inception fifty years ago until today, has enabled the early diagnosis and treatment of more than 2,000 newborns.
14	The extension of the territory, the dispersion of numerous maternal centers, as well as the diversity and heterogeneity of the sample transport systems, have been an obstacle to quality compliance of these indexes.
15	One of the pending subjects of the screening program has been the improvement of the quality indexes related to the sample's arrival time to the laboratory after their extraction.
16	The times obtained during the first months with the new system, have shown a notable improvement in the results, achieving a reduction of 50% of the days between the extraction of the sample and its arrival at the laboratory.
17	One of the pending subjects of the screening program has been the improvement of the quality indexes related to the sample's arrival time to the laboratory after their extraction.
18	In the last decade, the Program has undergone various extensions regarding its panel of diseases and has improved its evaluation with the inclusion of quality indicators in all its stages.
19	Objective: the aim of this research was to explore the relationship between dietary pattern habits and compliance with screen-time guidelines in Spanish schoolchildren.
20	Material and methods: a cross-sectional and associative study was performed in a total of 370 schoolchildren (44.9 % girls) aged 6-13 (8.7 ± 1.8) years.
21	Results: for boys, those who did not meet these guidelines presented lower chances of eating vegetables regularly (OR = 0.50; 95 % CI = 0.28-0.89) or more than once a day (OR = 0.43; 95 % CI = 0.22-0.85).
22	Material and methods: a cross-sectional and associative study was performed in a total of 370 schoolchildren (44.9 % girls) aged 6-13 (8.7 ± 1.8) years.
23	Objective: the present study aimed to develop and validate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess nutrient intake in Jordanian children.
24	One hundred and thirty-six children aged 6-18 years were enrolled from selected schools in Amman, Jordan.
25	Objective: the present study aimed to develop and validate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess nutrient intake in Jordanian children.
26	Methods: in this validation study, nutrient intake as obtained from a culturally sensitive quantitative FFQ was compared to nutrient intake as assessed by four 24-hour dietary recalls (24-HRs) between September 2017 and May 2018.
27	Objective: the present study aimed to develop and validate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess nutrient intake in Jordanian children.
28	Bland-Altman plots showed a satisfactory agreement between the two methods for energy and proteins.
29	Objective: the present study aimed to develop and validate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess nutrient intake in Jordanian children.
30	Introduction: sarcopenia is considered a risk factor for cancer patients, as it increases mortality and post-surgical complications, and reduces response to treatment and quality of life.
31	Methods: this cross-sectional study included patients with cancer of the GIT and adnexal glands, without edema or ascites, of both sexes and aged ≥ 20 years.
32	The risk of sarcopenia was assessed through the SARC-CalF questionnaire, and nutritional status by the Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA).
33	After a linear regression analysis the measures that most influenced the SARC-CalF score were arm circumference (AC) and adductor pollicis muscle thickness in the dominant hand (DAPMT) for adults, while for the elderly current weight and DAPTM (p < 0.05) were more relevant.
34	To estimate the prevalence of immunity against Hepatitis B virus among all healthcare workers linked to the Departments of Public Health in Torrevieja and Elx-Crevillent,two municipalities in the Valencian Community, Spain.
35	Once the sample was obtained, the anti-hepatitis B surface antibody (anti-HBsAb) levels were abstracted based on serological test results recorded in the workers' medical records.
36	Titers of anti-HBsAB ≥10mlU / ml were considered as evience of immunity.
37	The variables analyzed were classified by department, gender, age (18-34; 35-49;≥50 years); professional category (physicians / nursing / other health personnel / nonhealth personnel); service at risk of contagion (Yes / No); immunity (≥10mlU/ml, 〈10mlU/ml,missing) and systematic anti-HBs vaccination by date of birth (Yes / No).
38	To estimate the prevalence of immunity against Hepatitis B virus among all healthcare workers linked to the Departments of Public Health in Torrevieja and Elx-Crevillent,two municipalities in the Valencian Community, Spain.
39	Titers of anti-HBsAB ≥10mlU / ml were considered as evience of immunity.
40	A child's disclosure of sexual victimization is a difficult experience for parents and has been associated with traumatization, disbelief, denial, self-blame, and clinical difficulties.
41	The final theme-navigating the services-pertained to parents' struggle in navigating child protection and police services, and feelings of being isolated and alone.
42	A child's disclosure of sexual victimization is a difficult experience for parents and has been associated with traumatization, disbelief, denial, self-blame, and clinical difficulties.
43	A paucity of research has qualitatively explored mothers' experiences of their child's disclosure of child sexual abuse (CSA) and fathers' experiences have been even further neglected.
44	The current study seeks to characterize parents' experiences of their child's disclosure of CSA and to uncover the process-oriented nature of parental responses.
45	This qualitative study, using a grounded theory approach to analysis, involved interviews with 10 mothers and four fathers whose children (3-18 years) had experienced sexual abuse.
46	The first theme-making sense of the abuse in retrospect-captured the process through which parents sought to make sense of their child's disclosure, focusing on why their child had not disclosed the abuse to them earlier, and how they had noticed something was wrong but misattributed their child's behavior to other factors.
47	A child's disclosure of sexual victimization is a difficult experience for parents and has been associated with traumatization, disbelief, denial, self-blame, and clinical difficulties.
48	The final theme-navigating the services-pertained to parents' struggle in navigating child protection and police services, and feelings of being isolated and alone.
49	A paucity of research has qualitatively explored mothers' experiences of their child's disclosure of child sexual abuse (CSA) and fathers' experiences have been even further neglected.
50	Concern about getting sick could help prevent disease.
51	The aim of this study was to analyze the psychometric properties of a COVID-19 concern scale (EPCov-19).
52	This is an instrument-based study and information was collected from 224 people of Peruvian nationality in the context of social isolation.
53	The items of the Cancer Concern Scale were adapted for this study.
54	The aim of this study was to analyze the psychometric properties of a COVID-19 concern scale (EPCov-19).
55	Fifty percent of muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC) patients succumb from metastatic disease despite radical cystectomy (RC).
56	Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) and adjuvant chemotherapy (ACT) randomized clinical trials (RCT) investigated whether peri-operative chemotherapy improves survival.
57	More recently, immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) are explored as peri-operative single agent, ICI-ICI or ICI-chemotherapy combinations.
58	Our goal is to provide the status of neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment in MIBC.
59	Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) and adjuvant chemotherapy (ACT) randomized clinical trials (RCT) investigated whether peri-operative chemotherapy improves survival.
60	Meta-analyses indicated a small, but significant 5% improvement in overall survival in T2-T4N0M0 MIBC patients.
61	NAC value in N+MIBC is not established and predictive value of associated~25-40% complete downstaging (pathologically confirmed complete regression, pCR) not unequivocally demonstrated.
62	Since the 1980s, NAC RCTs were performed in cisplatin-fit patients, mainly using cisplatin combination chemotherapy.
63	The value of neoadjuvant treatment in node-positive MIBC is not clearly demonstrated requiring more accurate clinical staging and prospective studies.
64	Molecular tumour subtyping will support selecting novel agents for neoadjuvant or adjuvant strategies.
65	The literature on NAC and ACT trials in MIBC was reviewed.
66	Adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy RCTs were smaller, some prematurely stopped for poor accrual, and underpowered to demonstrate clear statistical evidence for a 5% overall survival advantage in pT3-T4N1-3M0 MIBC.
67	Adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy may be considered in selected, chemo-naïve pT3-T4N+patients.
68	Results from prospective checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapy RCTs are needed before immunotherapy becomes a recommended alternative for peri-operative treatment.
69	The study aimed to compare two concepts of rurality, one proposed by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE) and the other by the World Bank, to determine which is better fitted to the territory's reality, besides analyzing the infant mortality profile of rural municipalities (counties) in the state of Paraíba, Brazil, according to the best criterion for rurality.
70	The method for analyzing rural/urban typologies was based on data mining, using the Apriori algorithm of association.
71	The data were obtained from the Mortality Information System of the Brazilian Ministry of Health, from 2007 to 2016, and municipal indicators were from IBGE.
72	The World Bank definition of rurality showed kappa = 0.337, compared to the IBGE definition, with kappa = 0.616. Among the 223 municipalities that were analyzed, the World Bank classified 130 (65.66%) correctly, and the IBGE 183 (82.06%).
73	The study aimed to compare two concepts of rurality, one proposed by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE) and the other by the World Bank, to determine which is better fitted to the territory's reality, besides analyzing the infant mortality profile of rural municipalities (counties) in the state of Paraíba, Brazil, according to the best criterion for rurality.
74	Underlying cause of death was classified as avoidable death via interventions by the Brazilian Unified National Health System (65.2%).
75	This classification allowed studying the infant mortality profile in rural municipalities, which was similar to the overall profile, except for maternal schooling.
76	The urban/rural typology adopted by the IBGE was better than the World Bank at classifying the municipalities in Paraiba state.
77	Functional status decline is related to many negative outcomes.
78	Data from the 2012 and 2015 waves of the Mexican Health and Aging Study (MHAS) survey were analyzed.
79	Being male had an association with limitations for IADL.
80	Functional status decline is related to many negative outcomes.
81	To explore the relationship of sociodemographic, medical, and psychological factors with the incidence of functional status decline in Mexican older adults.
82	Three-generation households that include parents and grandparents raising children together have become increasingly common in China.
83	This study examined the relations among depressive symptoms, parenting stress, and caregiver-child relationships in the mother-grandmother dyadic context.
84	Results from Actor-Partner Interdependence Mediation Modeling indicated that mothers' depressive symptoms were indirectly related to mother-child conflict/closeness through own parenting stress; grandmothers' depressive symptoms were indirectly related to grandmother-child conflict through own parenting stress.
85	Findings highlight the implications of using a family system perspective and the dyadic approach in understanding and improving family functioning in Chinese three-generation households.
86	Mothers' depressive symptoms were indirectly related to grandmothers' conflict with children through grandmothers' parenting stress, and grandmothers' depressive symptoms were indirectly related to mothers' conflict/closeness with children through mothers' parenting stress.
87	To explore the relationship of sociodemographic, medical, and psychological factors with the incidence of functional status decline in Mexican older adults.
88	Data from the 2012 and 2015 waves of the Mexican Health and Aging Study (MHAS) survey were analyzed.
89	A poor financial situation and lower education related to higher limitations for ADL.
90	IADL limitation was associated with age, poor education, comorbidities, and depression, as well as cognitive impairment.
91	Functional status decline is related to many negative outcomes.
92	Age was associated with functional limitations in ADL.
93	We assessed functional status decline individually with activities of daily living (ADL) and instrumental ADL (IADLs) in an individual way.
94	Being male had an association with limitations for IADL.
95	Functional status decline is related to many negative outcomes.
96	Studying functional decline by domains allowed us to find more detailed information to identify factors susceptible to intervention with the aim to reduce the incidence of functional status decline and dependence.
97	Advances in the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer have improved the prognosis for these patients.
98	The objective of the present study was to analyze the frequency, median time and factors related to the return to work of patients with breast cancer, after diagnosis and completion of treatment at a cancer referral center in the city of Medellín, Colombia METHODS: a retrospective cohort study was carried out with registries of patients with breast cancer (n = 141) from a reference cancer center.
99	The average age at diagnosis was 45.8 ± 9 years, Most of the women were premenopausal,and 45% performed manual labour.
100	A total of 93% of patients returned to work.
